-: Welcome back.
Let's go to our Github repository
and we are in 0-8 new LB application load balancers
and we are entering into
the section 0-8-14 Ingress internal LB.
And inside that you'll find two folders.
One is Kube manifest and Kube manifest curl,
which is nothing but we are going to deploy the curl pod
and curl pod related Kube manifest.
We have put it separate.
So as part of introductory section
we already understood about we are going to create
a internal application load balancer
using Kubernetes English manifest
and also test it with the curl pod.
So we'll go to our visual studio code
and review the Kubernetes manifest.
So let's go back to our visual studio code here
and we are in 0-8-14 Ingress internal LB.
And if you see the Kube manifest so 0-1, 0-2, 0-3,
you will have the app 1, app 2, app 3 deployment
and NodePort services.
And 0-4 you'll have the LB Ingress internal LB.
So the name of the Ingress resource
is going to be ingress internal LB demo.
And name of the load balancer
is going to be Ingress internal LB.
And if you see here we don't have any other things.
This is a plain context, part based routing use
case which we have taken from that demo.
So there is no SSL and there is nothing else.
So we have added the create internal application
load balancer.
So we committed the internet facing scheme
and then we have added internal.
And these are health check settings.
That's all, right?
So there is nothing else.
Very simple load balancer name
and the schema internal and health check settings
and then English class name
and as usual the default backend
for app 3 Nginx Nodeport service.
And for app 1, it is going to be slash app 1 related rules
and for slash app 2, slash app 2 related rules.
So now let's also review the curl pod ones, right?
So in the curl pod this is just,
it is going to directly create a pod
for a CAPA version of kind pod
and it is going to create a curl pod for us.
So it'll download the curl pod and run it.
So now let's come back here
and go back to our GitHub repository
and go ahead and then deploy the Kube manifests.
So we'll say here 0-8 N 14 Ingress internal load balancer.
So we already discussed about this.
So whenever you have the scheme as internal,
it is going to create the internal load balancer for us.
So I'll say Kube CTL, apply hyphen F and Kube manifest.
So this should create
the app 1 app 2 app 3 application deployments
and also the 3 NodePort services.
In addition to that it should create a Ingress service
with the internal load balancer.
So if I say Kube CTL get ports,
Nginx ports 1,2,3 should be displayed here.
And we'll also say Kube CTL get SVC
and Nginx related app 1, app 2, app 3
related NodePort services should be displayed.
And now we will run the command Cube CTL get Ingress.
And you should see the Ingress service
created with internal.
So this is our ingress internal LB is the name.
But also Ingress ensure
that it also appended with internal hyphen.
So if you come back here
and verify your load balancer name is Ingress internal LB.
So only til here, right?
But it also opened it with internal hyphen
to tell us that it is creating a internal load balancer
for us for the address, right?
So in this one as usual the name became same
Ingress internal LB demo.
So this is the one, right?
So that is good.
So now let's come back here, right?
And verify the listeners and ports and all those things.
So let's go to load balances here.
Ingress internal LB is getting created
and if you see on port 80,
there is no 4-4-3 related annotations here
or any 4-4-3 related SSL annotations
and all those things for remote.
It is a plain simple load balancer with port 80.
And port 80 is a default setting.
You really don't need to specify the listen ports for that.
So now let's come back here
and go to this view our edit rules for port 80.
And you can see slash app 1 should go to app 1 target group
app 2 should go to app 2 target group
and default should go to app 3 target group.
And also if you see here
this is the load balancer DNS name.
So let's copy and do a, and let's look up for that, right?
So it should have a internal name, right?
So 190 to 168, 110 dot 94, 190 to 168, 77 dot 250.
So this is from internal cluster,
internal related subnet space,
but not the external internet edge subnet space for us.
So which means this one we cannot access it.
So if I say curl, so it is not accessible
for us from the internet.
So that's about it.
So now let's come back here
and if we want we can also verify our target groups, also.
There is no change in NodePort service or deployments.
So obviously those are going to be same,
which means it'll have them,
if you take the app 1 Nginx related target group.
So two nodes were registered here
with those respective NodePorts
and those are healthy, right?
Why? Because we have used the NodePort service here, right?
So the instance type
or the target type is NodePort by default.
So automatically all the worker nodes registered here.
So now let's come back here
and go to the curl pod to do the testing, right?
So we have reviewed this.
We'll go back here and then deploy the curl pod.
So let's come back here
and Kube CTL apply hyphen F Kube manifest curl.
So this should create the curl pod for us.
So it has created, if I say Kube CTL get pods,
curl pod should be running for us.
See curl pod is running.
So now we will connect to this curl pod, right?
Kube CTL exit hyphen D curl pod,
pod name and hyphen hyphen SH.
And if you see here,
this is we are inside the curl pod now.
You see the terminal here, right?
So we are in the curl pod. Or I'll exit.
And first I'll clear this, right?
And clear.
And we'll come from the top.
Let's wait for it and we'll connect to the curl pod now.
And if I say host name, we are in the curl pod, right?
So now let's come back here
and if you want you can say curl.
And our outbound is open from our EKS cluster
via NAT gateway for the private subnet.
So which means if I say google dot com also
it should be allowed for us, see?
3-0-1 more. It is accessible for us.
So now we will use the, this one to access our application.
So this is our DNS name of my internal pod,
internal load balancer. So I'll say curl.
And this should get me that default page
which is Kubernetes fundamentals demo
which is the root context are the app 3 Nginx, right?
So now if I say slash app 1 slash index dot html
so it should give me the app 1, right?
See where application name, app 1.
It has been successful.
And we'll also test the app 2 related thing
with the same curl command.
So you can see app 2 is successful.
So you have successfully created the internal load balancer
and you have deployed a curl pod in the EKS cluster
and from that EKS cluster
because this internal load balancer
is from the internal networks of EKS cluster.
So obviously you are able to access that
and do the curl from this respective curl pod.
So this is also successful for us.
So now let's go back here and then clean up the stuff.
So for cleaning up, we'll say Kube CTL
delete hyphen F Kube manifest
and also delete hyphen F curl pod.
So all our app 1, app 2, app 3
and then Ingress related Kubernetes objects were deleted.
So we'll also delete the Kube CTL
and delete and hyphen F
and Kube manifests hyphen curl.
So that whatever the curl pod we have deployed
also will be removed.
So this completes the Ingress internal load balancer demo.
I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.